helm upgrade --install prometheus ./eks-prometheus/ -n infra \
  --set prometheus.enabled=true \
  --set grafana.enabled=true \
  --set defaultRules.create=true \
  --set alertmanager.enabled=true \
  --set pushgateway.enabled=true \
  --skip-crds


   


By default, a random password is generated for Grafana and stored in the secret named "prometheus-grafana" in infra namespace.
The username and password can be retreived from the secret by running the below command:
`kubectl get secret -n infra prometheus-grafana -o jsonpath='{.data.admin-user}{"Cg=="}{.data.admin-password}' | base64 --decode`  
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
  
- An existing secret can also be used by setting `grafana.admin.existingSecret` key in [values.yaml](values.yaml). For more details, refer [Grafana README](charts/grafana/README.md)

- In case you want Grafana and cloudwatch integration, you need to enable that in code eks-prometheus/values.yaml under grafana section.


----

## Create Ingress to expose Grafana in infra namespace

``` YAML
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  annotations:
    alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/healthcheck-interval-seconds: "60"
    alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/inbound-cidrs: 10.0.0.0/8
    alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/listen-ports: '[{"HTTP": 80}]'
    alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/scheme: internal
    kubernetes.io/ingress.class: alb
  namespace: infra
  generation: 1
  labels:
    app: grafana
  name: grafana
spec:
  rules:
  - http:
      paths:
      - backend:
          service:
            name: prometheus-grafana
            port: 
              number: 80
        path: /
        pathType: Prefix
```


## Create AdditionalScrapeConfigs

AdditionalScrapeConfigs allows specifying a key of a Secret containing additional Prometheus scrape configurations. Scrape configurations specified are appended to the configurations generated by the Prometheus Operator.

Job configurations specified must have the form as specified in the official Prometheus documentation. As scrape configs are appended, the user is responsible to make sure it is valid. Note that using this feature may expose the possibility to break upgrades of Prometheus.

It is advised to review Prometheus release notes to ensure that no incompatible scrape configs are going to break Prometheus after the upgrade.

### Creating an additional configuration
First, you will need to create the additional configuration. Below we are making a simple "prometheus" config. Name this prometheus-additional.yaml

Example:

``` YAML
- job_name: infra/custom-job-2
  honor_labels: true
  honor_timestamps: true
  scrape_interval: 30s
  scrape_timeout: 10s
  metrics_path: /metrics
  scheme: http
  static_configs:
  - targets:
    - prometheus-prometheus-pushgateway:9091
```

Then you will need to make a secret out of this configuration.

kubectl create secret generic additional-scrape-configs --from-file=prometheus-additional.yaml --dry-run=client -oyaml > additional-scrape-configs.yaml

kubectl apply -f additional-scrape-configs.yaml -n infra

NOTE: Use only one secret for ALL additional scrape configurations.